# Report 15/12/2025

Time for a report.

- ***NixOS*** - I was sick of CachyOS and the way I handled installed apps (preferred AppImages) so I decided to switch to NixOS, and to be honest, I don't regret it. Of course, this change required me to learn new things such as `.nix` files, `nix-shell`, `home-manager` and most importantly `flake.nix` (my beloved). Plus, a bit of `LUKS` so I can have additional users that have their stuff encrypted. Well, what I can say, it's a good OS I think. Let's hope I won't have any issues with it and will be able to learn more about how I should manage my stuff. *(I didn't find out how to print stuff on my very old printer.)*

- ***Preparations for abandoning old systems*** - Yes, as I want to focus on developing the new version of myself, I want to abandon old systems that used to support my sense of existence (my life), with respect to the wealth and history they have brought on the table. I have already put my 17 old notebooks in my box, but that's not enough. I still also have to change the way I think of myself. I should not think of myself as "MY_SURENAME" but rather as "NEW_SURENAME." And I also have finally started accepting the sad or maybe happy truth about myself (I still have issues with calling myself who I really think I am). In the field of technology, I also know I have to make a shift. Be it learning NixOS, identity management and crypto tools to make myself as liquid as possible. I think that to be liquid, means to be a closer to adaptable. And so, by making my dependencies more liquid, I let myself be open to new stuff. But a few things are also ahead. Such as changing my website hosting to free and verifiable static ones such as GitHub or render. Changing my VPN or cloud storage services. Changing my email address to be finally fully free of Google or any other state-like system. Upgrading my Crypto/FIAT or Crypto/RWA bridges so I can access the same goods the "slaves of the demiurge" can.

