# Report 11/8/2025

It's report time.

So I spent my vacations mostly learning and working on my game (Blue Quake map). And yesterday I finished baking the demo of my game. I said "baking" cause I was still following the rule of automating the mundane or repetitive tasks. And I can say that I am proud of the high level of automation my game development toolkit has reached, although automation ends when we have to work on the actual assets that scripts for automation combine and adjust during the baking process. Thus, while the main map, coding, and models are extremely close to being stable and finished, sound assets are still dependent on the original Quake/LibreQuake. And that's the current problem I have, which is a lack of sound assets for my game. Perhaps I should hire someone to make or find some for me, just like I did with hiring a 3D modeler to make a model of an enemy for me. There are also a bit of graphical assets to be made, but there is no need for them if they will never be used in the demo.

The other kind of aspect that I should also consider is the general presentation of the game. The game is indeed meant to present a highly anti-systemic story, but I can't just let it be called by others as some nazi shit just because they saw a Kali Yuga picture of the black sun symbol. (lol I would be almost required then to put another meaning for the star of David, to at least add some confusion to make certain views look wrong). Of course, I don't plan to reference nazi related symbols, cause that's not what I plan the story to be about.

But anyway, another problem is with expanding the game beyond just a demo, cause this would require more maps, more models, a bit more code, more sounds, and more motivation as a fuel to make this game no longer a demo. The easiest and the most reasonable thing I can do to start approaching the expansion of this game would be to build more specific plans on how the game will be made, what maps there will be, what other assets will be required, who will work on them, till what deadline, and finally how I will fund all of this work. Relying on some schizo reasons brought a pretty decent motivation for me, but if I want others to work on this game too I will have to make them wanna to do that, and money plus schizo puzzles (the mystery of a weird game, with mysterious or forbidden story made on a weirdly limited old engine) may be the fuel for them.

Anyway... that's all for now. Vacations are starting to end, and my life may experience surprises.